README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/omansour-se-nyu/Spring2023-Team-2/blob/main/mentcare-frontend/src/assets/mentcare_logo.png" height=150 align='right'/>

# Mentcare (Team-2)

To start development environment:

1. Initialize python virtual environment: ```source venv/bin/activate```
2. To run client: (in mentcare-frontend folder): ```npm run dev```
3. To run server: (in Spring2023-Team-2 folder): ```python3 manage.py runserver```

To create a python virtual environment: ```virtualenv venv```

## Libraries to install

1. Django REST framework

```pip install djangorestframework```

https://pypi.org/project/djangorestframework/

2. Cors Headers

``` pip install django-cors-headers ```

https://pypi.org/project/django-cors-headers/

3. psycopg2

``` pip install psycopg2 ```

https://pypi.org/project/psycopg2/

4. CoreAPI

``` pip install coreapi```

https://www.coreapi.org

5. django-phonenumber-field

``` pip install django-phonenumber-field[phonenumbers]```

https://django-phonenumber-field.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Using the application

1. Run ```npm install ``` to install the necessary dependencies
2. Start the development environment (mentioned above)

Commit message:

Add requirements.txt for backend dependencies, and instructions to install in README.md

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/omansour-se-nyu/Spring2023-Team-2/blob/main/mentcare-frontend/src/assets/mentcare_logo.png" height=150 align='right'/>

# Mentcare (Team-2)

To start development environment:

1. Initialize python virtual environment: ```source venv/bin/activate```
2. To run client: (in mentcare-frontend folder): ```npm run dev```
3. To run server: (in Spring2023-Team-2 folder): ```python3 manage.py runserver```

To create a python virtual environment: ```virtualenv venv```

## Libraries to install

1. Django REST framework

```pip install djangorestframework```

https://pypi.org/project/djangorestframework/

2. Cors Headers

``` pip install django-cors-headers ```

https://pypi.org/project/django-cors-headers/

3. psycopg2

``` pip install psycopg2 ```

https://pypi.org/project/psycopg2/

4. CoreAPI

``` pip install coreapi```

https://www.coreapi.org

5. django-phonenumber-field

```pip install django-phonenumber-field[phonenumbers]```

https://django-phonenumber-field.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

6. pandas

```pip install pandas```

## Using the application

1. Run ```npm install ``` in the ```mentcare-frontend``` folder to install the necessary dependencies for the frontend
2. Run ``` pip install -r requirements.txt ``` to install backend dependencies
3Start the development environment (mentioned above)
